Akka Projections 1.2.0 (#788)
akka/akka.io: blog/_posts/2021-04-23-akka-projection-1.2.0-released.md

---
layout: post
title: Akka Projections 1.2.0 Released
author: Patrik Nordwall
short: We are happy to announce the 1.2.0 release of Akka Projections
category: news
tags: [releases]
---

Dear hakkers,

We're happy to announce the release of Akka Projections 1.2.0.

## Changes since 1.1.0

- New functionality to pause and resume projections, see [documentation](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka-projection/current/management.html#pause-and-resume), [#25](https://github.com/akka/akka-projection/issues/25)
- Fix case of table names problem with `OracleDialect` and default settings, [#543](https://github.com/akka/akka-projection/pull/543) by [@ihostage](https://github.com/ihostage)
- Akka 2.6.14 and Jackson 2.11.4, [#541](https://github.com/akka/akka-projection/pull/541)
- Rename `createOffsetTableIfNotExists` and `dropOffsetTableIfExists`, [#546](https://github.com/akka/akka-projection/pull/546)
- Configurable path of dispatcher for JDBC projections [#542](https://github.com/akka/akka-projection/pull/542) by [@ihostage](https://github.com/ihostage)
- Retry management operations if timeout, [#531](https://github.com/akka/akka-projection/issues/531)

> This version requires creating the new `projection_management` table, which is used for storing the pause/resume state of the projections. This table is required even if the new pause/resume functionality isn't used. No other database maintenance is required since all existing database elements are compatible.

Author: ```suggestion
This version requires creating the new `projection_management` table, which is used for storing the pause/resume state of the projections. This table is required even if the new pause/resume functionality isn't used. For rolling update you can create the table while the 1.1.0 version is still running. No other database maintenance is required since all existing database elements are compatible.

See schema definitions:
```

Author: adding back the "obvious" about rolling updates, and the see part

> This version is compatible with previous 1.1.0, but when updating you have to create a new `projection_management` table, which is used for storing the pause/resume state of the projections. This table is required even if the new pause/resume functionality isn't used. For rolling update you can create the table while the 1.1.0 version is still running. See schema definitions:

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit confusing: "This version is compatible but if you don't do this, this break."

How about: "This version requires creating a new table
```suggestion
This version requires creating the new `projection_management` table, which is used for storing the pause/resume state of the projections. This table is required even if the new pause/resume functionality isn't used. No other database maintenance is required since all existing database elements are compatible.
```
